added possible fixes for the errors in contibution docs (#50)
briefercloud/briefer: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

- [Running Briefer in dev mode](#computer-running-briefer-in-dev-mode)
- [Questions, bugs, and feature requests](#bulb-questions-bugs-and-feature-requests)
- [Submitting pull requests](#repeat-submitting-pull-requests)

> - [Possible Error fixes](#warning-possible-error-fixes)

Reviewer: I think we should call this section `Troubleshooting` and adjust the link accordingly.

Btw, I think a better emoji would be 🔧  - I think a "warning" draws too much attention here.

When opening a pull request, please make sure to fill the template with as much information as you can. This will help us understand your contribution and review it more effectively.

After submitting a pull request, please make sure to sign [our CLA (Contributor License Agreement)](./CLA.md) by following the instructions that our bot will provide you. This is a necessary step for us to accept your contribution.

Here’s the fully formatted version of the content with properly labeled code blocks:

> <br/>

Reviewer: Shouldn't we remove this? Not sure I understand why this is here

IMO removing is fine

> ## :warning: Possible Error Fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## :wrench: Troubleshooting
```

See my note above about the title of this section.

> Below are some common errors and their possible fixes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are some common errors and their possible fixes. Please feel free to open an issue if none of these suggested fixes work.
```

Worth encouraging people to open issues IMO

1. **ERR_CERT_AUTHORITY_INVALID**

> this error happens when content is not loaded and in console it displays this error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This error happens when content is not loaded and the browser's console displays the `ERR_CERT_AUTHORITY_INVALID` error message.

That's because you're using a self-signed certificate for development and your browser does not allow those.
```

Nitpick

> To resolve open a new tab in chrome if chrome is the browser incase other browser check for same options make sure its enabled.
> > chrome://flags/#allow-insecure-localhost
> 
> Enable the flag.
> This should resolve the issue.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you're using Chrome, open a new tab and access `chrome://flags/#allow-insecure-localhost`. Then enable this flag. If you're using another browser, please look for similar options if needed.

```

Another nit. IMO this is shorter and clearer, wdyt?

> 2. **Jupyter Permissions Issue on Linux/WSL**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Jupyter permissions issue on Linux/WSL**
```

We usually go for startcase on the docs.

If you're running Jupyter on Linux/WSL and encounter the following error:

> > RuntimeError: Permissions assignment failed for secure file:
> '/home/jupyteruser/.local/share/jupyter/runtime/jpserver-8.json'.Got '0o677' instead of '0o0600'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
RuntimeError: Permissions assignment failed for secure file: '/home/jupyteruser/.local/share/jupyter/runtime/jpserver-8.json'. Got '0o677' instead of '0o0600'.
```
```

> This typically means the folder doesn't exist, or the user doesn't have the required permissions. To fix this issue, run the following commands:
> 
> ```bash
> mkdir -p ./jupyterfiles
> sudo chown -R $(whoami):$(whoami) ./jupyterfiles
> mkdir -p ./jupyterfiles/.local/share/jupyter
> ```
> After executing these commands, restart the Jupyter server container for the changes to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This typically means that the folder doesn't exist or that the user doesn't have the required permissions. To fix this issue, update the permissions as in the example below.

```bash
mkdir -p ./jupyterfiles
sudo chown -R $(whoami):$(whoami) ./jupyterfiles
mkdir -p ./jupyterfiles/.local/share/jupyter
```

After executing these commands, restart the Jupyter server container for the changes to take effect.
```
